Okay, okay, I got it. Don't worry.
Yes, I'll make sure they're not damaged.
I'll call you if I have any questions,
alright?
Alright, bye.
Scott?
Irene?
What are you doing here?
I thought this--
I live here.
[chuckles]
Oh... r-right.
I didn't know you were back in town.
Wait, uh, isn't your house on Maple
behind the old library?
Yeah, that was years ago. We moved.
I guess it's been a while, uh...
Anyways...
This is crazy, uh...
You wouldn't happen to be selling
some vinyl records, would you?
Yeah, I am! Oh--
Most of them are sold already, sorry.
Since when were you into vintage stuff?
I'm not. Um, my cousin is.
She saw your ad online and,
she got called into work so
she asked if I can pick them up for her.
Okay.
Well, come in. Come in!
[laughs]
You know, you haven't changed at all!
[giggles]
That look on your face
when I opened the door.
What do you mean?
You were just as clueless back then, too.
I wasn't clueless.
Maybe nervous,
but only because your dad scared me.
I think that was the point.
[Scott] How have you been?
Not bad!
Um, I started a new internship
downtown so,
I'm staying here with my parents
'til I find my own place.
That's exciting.
Thanks!
How are things at the shop?
You still work there?
Yeah I do. It's been busy.
But things have been well?
I'd say so.
You look great!
Uh...
Let me... find those records for you.
Sorry, this place is a mess!
Moving again?
[Irene] That? Oh no,
I'm just cleaning some stuff.
I'm having a garage sale next weekend.
You should come.
I mean, it's mostly old, useless junk.
But, maybe you'll find something you like.
You're really gonna make me guess?
Mm-hmm.
Fine.
It's... a new pair of shoes.
You wish!
It's... that antique typewriter
we saw last week.
Nope.
It's a puppy?
Wha-- Just open it!
[laughing]
Whoa.
I know you're gonna be busy with classes.
But if you can,
it works best if you go
somewhere far from the city lights.
That's where the skies are the clearest
and the stars are the brightest.
Somewhere like this?
Yeah, somewhere like this.
What's wrong?
We're supposed to go
stargazing together...
I know that's what we said but,
summer's already over and
you're leaving already, so...
I just thought--
I don't know...
Thank you.
I love it.
Scott... you really don't have to.
I mean- I don't even remember
when it stopped working.
Let me take a look at it, I wanna try.
I don't think it's totally hopeless.
Wait, Scott...
I don't want you to think that I--
I just...
I didn't know what to do with it. I mean--
It was so long ago, and I--
I know.
[quietly] I know.
It was nice seeing you again.
I'll let you know how this goes.
Things gonna be different.
In some things...
With us?
Not everything...
Not us.
Where do you think we'll end up?
I don't know.
Somewhere like this.
[sigh]
Is that everything?
I think so.
You ready then?
Let's go.
Before I forget.
After I leave... okay?
Okay.
["In Your Arms" playing]
♪ Hush, now ♪
♪ Let's go quiet to the park ♪
♪ Where it first started ♪
♪ Cool night, us lying in dark ♪
♪ I felt my heart was trying to find
A place for you to stay ♪
♪ A place where I'd feel safe ♪
♪ Anything we have known ♪
♪ Anything we've forgotten ♪
♪ In the rain, in the dark we'll lay ♪
♪ In your arms, in your arms I'll stay ♪
♪ Anything we have known ♪
♪ Anything we've forgotten ♪
♪ In the rain, in the dark we'll lay ♪
♪ In your arms, in your arms I'll stay ♪
♪ Anything we have known ♪
♪ Anything we've forgotten ♪
♪ In the rain, in the dark we'll lay ♪
♪ In your arms, in your arms I'll stay ♪
♪ Anything we have known ♪
♪ Anything we've forgotten ♪
♪ In the rain, in the dark we'll lay ♪
♪ In your arms, in your arms I'll stay ♪
♪ Follow me ♪